nice a what else a bunch of its games
having better yeah you know yes when I
daresay we have a Rolen bobbles clay
soldier subscriber petal hair for your
videos goodness me yes I need on a fan
that sent into us by one of our
subscribers being Peter Griffin one and
named the top header inna my job by
Jordan say good not just for helping me
that's pretty clear as I they go inside
please read through the Bible grad it's
a golden gate by George I love Lego sure
he doesn't need enough we will go to the
red card shop amis I don't think was
goddamn shopping go quickly oh goodness
me oh I do say that while the crews are
you sayin duh ah yes indeed yeah the
walls are made of the finest tweeted All
England I'd hello on the floor made
aight of the finest wooden game job well
goodness me they told to new floors up
giddy up to me listen it what is in blue
diamond up a time some light on eyes in
good as a buddy old boy would you be so
kind as to advisors which glorious King
shall participate in today's spam of LJ
happy envoy lindemann on the wall wake
me yes indeed the red team oh boy do
these ice vintage right these are none
of us then you know who they are well
because I can't see oh yes yeah these
are the cut the conclusion for instant
run as I say oh very late LOL so need
you to submit e-bike spoonies panda one
well-known oh boy did you know it was
the whole body not all spins on redstone
so stuck into my ticket ah yes thanks
I've impersonation would just re-read
still the whole pile all I say well one
piece of aah no no no king rich Tom
repeater king redstone remain idle oh
yes show me many girls also boy is
Wilson of junk and what was his next
jollity my general it is none other than
the Green Team oh boy AA degree Viking
Marines Viking doesn t I there and you
put in it no 60 slimes 60 jolly sighs I
got this me on the Gunpowder
get dumped ah yes yes sir let the
longboats wintry stock up its lines and
join ya like at all the deal boy one
crown for king Charlie's a king enjoys
my translational voice I don't this
balloon team Johnson jolly let the green
tea they have submitted by Quist 2003 I
take yeah well no my gosh there he is
indeed not more greens he won't glory
the Vikings there I wish your move on to
the podium oh boy none the miners of the
bigger puzzle i think our mind little
the bay brook oh yes speed by black star
love soon ah well don't know why what's
good Nick 11 gloss ah one building what
haha but be humble vignettes let's talk
to animals aah crying you know is steve
King Stephen I light LOL any shellfish
it's the purple team all the same I say
yes and last but not least it's the team
dict aight in yellow I don't know who
these I don't know why did I should do
I'm jolly well you're never gonna see
gildan crafters ah Nolan haha my
cost cynics well done oh boy yes I
slimes to Roxanne one gold ingot how you
know this guy no he ain't like how I say
oh I better get into my silver boy a new
Domino boy I could show well there we
are I say well there we are jammin Java
am i tol array as it where are those
sort of teams i say which of these
glorious positi shall emerge victorious
in the day's battle you tell the
eyeshadow who do you think that he'll
Jack get you bitch please they tell you
bill I say you place your bets okay I'm
gonna do some- a big bubbly oh I say
Trudy on boy III you in that case I
shall go for the mmm uh well uh I'll
have to do with red Jeff I do what was
the name of the readiness yes can Cassie
Mitch do so gung cousin redstone fellow
I say well there we are chefs & Jerry's
I said you one small place your bets for
two real battle shall night go inside a
yes indeed oh I said oh my what oh here
they got a boy oh yes
they've gone straight into my guys say
yes moody no I say does another day
don't do they know those boys names
straight in there not any rain today or
I know me oh they're right over there I
say oh there they go for that young man
is gonna be over in the forum so he does
give always see what I let you know by
what the book top there on the ridge
things going to look like after five
John little they're all play ice ivory
no jabs ring I told me I sign up for
purists say about my word yo this son
wears a minor one it's absolutely no
doesn't mean a bit walls of their roles
off i say my word they're totally wild
by Jove of those if I say I say so long
I'm gonna fail in their way by what it's
starting to rain out everything improve
their way through his reign buddy I say
oh by George it is it supposed organs
are you coming up Purple's I think no I
don't think so no no we didn't must be
so public oh my gosh there's a red king
still available right but i like that oh
my word the yellows a ring died oh boy
wait he's going on he's going over i say
oh by joy I don't know I see Sir oh he's
gone oh where they gonna he can fight oh
I say I add to my way to the hoodies
don't mind would know why does mine good
I say I say I say I say they're still
burnin this right now rubber one still
kinda oh I say ding ding ding comes up
Julia Bell my word chaps and Gemma the
pedals over and we stuck in his buddy
Johnny I'll go my channel oh goodness me
the yellow team is victorious who were
they'll check do you know say no other
than the golden crust as I tell you oh
no I I should I should have realized in
gold King games
why check all the way Donald jack oh
well there we are jams about a jolly
thrilling craze so do subscribe our
battle this hasn't he been games on
buddy thank you girl in watching and
don't forget to send in your own teams I
say which may appear a few right Pujara
liking he doesn't look cual to see you
once more in the next exciting battle
till that I say